head underwater hurt and they tell me to
breathe easy for well the breathing gets
harder even I know that made her for me
but it's too so Missy if I'm happy in
your hand i'm holding usually hard to
hold on dude blank stares at blank pages
no easy way to say this your email but
your name is hard on me I'm not gonna
write you a love song cover has more it
doesn't need one you see I'm not gonna
write to hold us all better tell make it
bigger break a messenger hold your way
I'm not gonna let you to stay if all you
have is leaving I'm I need a better
I learned the hard way that the hawk say
things you wanna hear no heavy heart
tasty down under you and your twisted
hold your horses hurts you are not with
us by you hello
and then Smith do please you made me
think that I need this too I'm trying to
get you here I'm not gonna write it with
my soul cuz you asked for it cuz you
need one you see I'm not gonna write you
a love song does it tell witness make a
bacon this is the whole no way not gonna
rise you to stay hey Paul ya believe and
i'ma need a better reason to write you
00 today yeah you're in what a what i'm
in i'm in i'm in it I